Add note that development is taking place in new repo (#128)
apache/kibble-1: README.md

<p align="center"><img src="/ui/images/kibble-logo.png" width="300"/></p>

# This is old version of Apache Kibble

> Development is taking place in https://github.com/apache/kibble

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
This repo contains archived code for Kibble v1. The current development for Apache Kibble happens at https://github.com/apache/kibble.
```
